Update docs and tooltips for lifespan and idle timeout changes (#20967)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/server_admin/topics/clients/oidc/con-advanced-settings.adoc

Currently, {project_name} client adapters do not support holder-of-key token verification. {project_name} adapters treat access and refresh tokens as bearer tokens.
====

[[_client_advanced_settings_oidc]]
*Advanced Settings for OIDC*

> The Advanced Settings for OpenID Connect allow to configure overrides at client level for <<_timeouts, session and token timeouts>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Advanced Settings for OpenID Connect allows you to configure overrides at the client level for <<_timeouts, session and token timeouts>>.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

image:images/client-advanced-settings-oidc.png[Advanced Settings]

|===
|Configuration|Description

|Access Token Lifespan
|The value overrides the realm option with same name.

|Client Session Idle
|The value overrides the realm option with same name. The value should be shorter than the global *SSO Session Idle*.

|Client Session Max
|The value overrides the realm option with same name. The value should be shorter than the global *SSO Session Max*.

|Client Offline Session Idle

> |This setting allows to configure a shorter offline session idle timeout for the client. The amount of time the session remains idle before {project_name} revokes its offline token. If not set, realm <<_offline-session-idle,Offline Session Idle>> is used.

Author: Done! Thanks!

|Client Offline Session Max

> |This setting allows to configure a shorter offline session max lifespan for the client. The maximum time before {project_name} revokes the corresponding offline token. This option needs <<_offline-session-max-limited,Offline Session Max Limited>> enabled globally in the realm, and defaults to <<_offline-session-max,Offline Session Max>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|This setting allows you to configure a shorter offline session max lifespan for the client. The lifespan is the maximum time before {project_name} revokes the corresponding offline token. This option needs <<_offline-session-max-limited,Offline Session Max Limited>> enabled globally in the realm, and defaults to <<_offline-session-max,Offline Session Max>>.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!
